README.md, before:

# PPHM Landing Page

A responsive landing page for Pension Pour Handicapés Mentaux.  
This project was built with **HTML**, **SCSS**, and **Vite** for fast local development.  
The design is mobile-first and includes a global typography system, responsive sections, and a sticky footer.  

---

## 🚀 Features
- Responsive navigation with jump links
- Full-width banner image with text overlay
- Section layouts with paragraphs, images, and bullet points
- Footer with logo, contact info, and clickable phone/email links
- Smooth scroll for in-page navigation
- SCSS architecture with partials for modular styling

---

## 📦 Packages Used
This project was scaffolded using [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/).

Installed dependencies:
- `vite` (development server and bundler)
- `sass` (for SCSS support)

---

## 🛠️ Getting Started

### 1. Clone the repo
```bash
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/pphm-landing.git
cd pphm-landing
```

### 2. Install dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

### 3. Run the dev server
```bash
npm run dev
```
This will start the project at `http://localhost:5173`.

### 4. Build for production
```bash
npm run build
```

---

## 📖 Changelog

### v1.0.0 — Initial Build
- Set up Vite project with SCSS support
- Added global typography system (H1–H4, paragraphs, breakpoints)
- Created header with logo, nav links, and smooth scrolling
- Added full-width banner section with overlay text
- Implemented multiple content sections with images and text blocks
- Built responsive footer with logo, contact info, and copyright
- Configured sticky footer layout
- Placeholder assets for banner image and logos

---

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Update font size and spacing for nav on mobile

README.md, after:

# PPHM Landing Page

A responsive landing page for Pension Pour Handicapés Mentaux.  
This project was built with **HTML**, **SCSS**, and **Vite** for fast local development.  
The design is mobile-first and includes a global typography system, responsive sections, and a sticky footer.  

---

## 🚀 Features
- Responsive navigation with jump links
- Full-width banner image with text overlay
- Section layouts with paragraphs, images, and bullet points
- Footer with logo, contact info, and clickable phone/email links
- Smooth scroll for in-page navigation
- SCSS architecture with partials for modular styling

---

## 📦 Packages Used
This project was scaffolded using [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/).

Installed dependencies:
- `vite` (development server and bundler)
- `sass` (for SCSS support)

---

## 🛠️ Getting Started

### 1. Clone the repo
```bash
git clone https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/pphm-landing.git
cd pphm-landing
```

### 2. Install dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

### 3. Run the dev server
```bash
npm run dev
```
This will start the project at `http://localhost:5173`.

### 4. Build for production
```bash
npm run build
```

---

## 📖 Changelog

### v1.0.0 — Initial Build
- Set up Vite project with SCSS support
- Added global typography system (H1–H4, paragraphs, breakpoints)
- Created header with logo, nav links, and smooth scrolling
- Added full-width banner section with overlay text
- Implemented multiple content sections with images and text blocks
- Built responsive footer with logo, contact info, and copyright
- Configured sticky footer layout
- Placeholder assets for banner image and logos

### v1.0.1 — Nav Updates
- Update font size and spacing for nav on mobile

---

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
